smart rope is an LED embedded jump rope
that works with your smartphone creating
an Anytime Anywhere Fitness experience
we've created a true active Fitness
wearable that brings the best in new
tech to a tried and true workout
consistently recommended by the health
and wellness community we've embedded 23
high quality LEDs into proprietary
patent-pending app PCB design these LEDs
can display up to four digits with clear
visibility even in bright rooms smart
rope displays jump data right before
your eyes creating a truly immersive
workout experience that's fun and just
as important provides information you'll
actually use to get healthier the
Bluetooth 4.0 transmitter is also housed
here used to communicate with your
smartphone the rope is positioned at a
45 degree angle to the handle to
encourage effortless natural motion ball
bearings are used to ensure fast smooth
revolutions our smart gym app works
seamlessly with smart rope with two-way
communication we've produced a working
prototype that handles beautifully your
funds will go directly to the final
development of the smart rope and smart
gym app and the initial production run
smart rope is designed by tangram an
award-winning multidisciplinary design
agency based in seoul and new jersey
some of the world's leading brands use
tangram experiences in their most iconic
products we have a team of designers
engineers and developers dedicated to
smart rope and to bringing you an
incredible fitness experience smart rope
designed by ten gram